Fix to increment/decrement gas-limit in block production (#6425)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix Besu Docker images with `openjdk-latest` tags since 23.10.3 using UID 1001 instead of 1000 for the `besu` user [#6360](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/6360)
- Fluent EVM API definition for Tangerine Whistle had incorrect code size validation configured [#6382](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/6382)
- Correct mining beneficiary for Clique networks in TraceServiceImpl [#6390](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/6390)

> - Fix to gas limit delta calculations used in block production. Besu should now incrment or decerement the block gas limit towards its target correctly (thanks @arbora) #6425

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix to gas limit delta calculations used in block production. Besu should now increment or decrement the block gas limit towards its target correctly (thanks @arbora) #6425
```
